Now this page is running an async action and let's make sure we display a progress indicator to user
about it.
We cannot know how long will it take to show a message to user about the action.
So the user must be aware that there is an ongoing process.
So if we check the current behavior at the moment, let's open the developer tools and switch the network
tab and let's slow the things down here.
So let's go with the network speed as slow of three G and if I click to the activate two, now I'm seeing
a request going there, but it takes like 2 seconds to complete.
But we didn't see anything about that progress and let's try it one more time.
Let's click to activate one and there is a request, but we don't have anything on UI, so let's inform
the user with a spinner so that they know there is an ongoing progress.
So going back to an alternate link now, let's go back to the code and let's also open the karma window.
Now we are going to add a new test for this one.
So in the Activate component spec, it's adding a new test here and in this one it displays spanner
during activation request.
So again, we are going to use this subscriber and let's go with the 1 to 3.
And it's going to be handling the request.
And we are going to check the UI.
But let's let's intercept the request here.
Before the request returns a response.
Let's make sure we update the UI.
And right at this moment, before we receive the response, let's check if we have the spinner.
And previously, again, we tested the spinner visibility in the signup.
So let's, let's use the same thing.
So here for the spinner, we were using the roll status right here.
It displayed spinner after clicking submit.
So we are going to do this just copying this one and let's open the activate component spectators so
pasting here but we are going to.
Query to fix your native element query selector and we are looking for status span to be false.
Then we are returning the response by request flash, then again forcing UI to be updated.
And this time we are going to check the spinner, but this time it's not going to be visible, so it's
going to be false.
By the way, I missed this part.
I just copied that thing and totally missed this part.
Initially, as the as there is an ongoing request, the spinner will be visible, which means it's going
to be 30.
But after the request is completed, it's going to be false.
So it's not going to be on the document.
So let's save this one.
So this test is failing in the space during activation request.
And let's fix this.
So in the activate component.
So we are tracking the status with this property.
So success and fail and we can also have the in progress for this property as well.
So let's have in progress and what we can do is we can just set this in progress.
This activation status to be is to be in progress before we make the API request.
Then after the API request, it is going to be either success or fail, but initially it's going to
be in progress.
So we have the the property for tracking that API request and here in the component activate component,
just like displaying these alerts conditionally based on the activation status, let's show the spinner.
And for spinner we can open the button and we are using Spinner right here.
So this was the spinner syntax.
This is again can bootstrap spinner and in the activate component, let's have the spinner here.
And this time instead of checking the API progress, we are going to check activate activation status
value to be in progress like this.
So if the activation status is in progress, then we will display the spinner.
If it is success, we will show the success message and if it is failed, we will show the fail message.
Let's save all these changes.
And here we see the tests are passing.
Let's manually test it on browser and also opening the developer tools.
It's clear the logs here.
So we are on the activate one page.
Let's change the network speed to slow three g and clicking the activate.
Here we are seeing Spinner.
Then after we receive the response, we are showing the alert and let's try one more time.
Here we are going to activate one and we are seeing Spinner during the API call.
So we are informing user that there is an ongoing progress in the background.
Now we complete the implementation and we no longer need these links in the application, so let's remove
those.
Opening the app component, we added the links right here and just removing them.
Let's save this and the links are gone before finishing this part.
Let's test the whole signup flow.
Switching to a bigger window and back end is running.
We need this one because it's printing the activation part.
So let's send the signup request for a new user.
So filling the form lets go with the user like user.
30 user.
38 male.
Com password and password.
So I think sign up and we are seeing this.
Please check your email to activate your account message.
And if we check the back end console here, the link is printed.
Just copying this one.
And pasting it to the browser.
And here we see the account is activated.
So this is working.
But if we would have gone with the token like something like this, we would be seeing a failure like
this one.
So we completed the account activation page.
Basically this page is just going to handle the token request and it will show a message based on the
account activation response.